Update parameter-reference.md for vitals (#8775)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/gateway-manager/data-plane-nodes/parameter-reference.md

 [`cluster_cert_key`](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#cluster_cert_key) | **Private Key** | The private key used for mTLS between CP/DP nodes.
 [`lua_ssl_trusted_certificate`](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#lua_ssl_trusted_certificate) | n/a | Either a comma-separated list of paths to certificate authority (CA) files in PEM format, or `system`. We recommend using the value `system` to let {{site.konnect_short_name}} search for the default provided by each distribution.
 [`konnect_mode`](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#konnect_mode) | n/a | Set to `on` for any data plane node connected to {{site.konnect_short_name}}.

>  [`vitals`](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#vitals) | n/a | Legacy vitals analytics reporting mechanism. Set to `off` for all Kong Gateway versions >= 3.0. Set to `on` for Kong Gateway 2.8.x to collect vitals data and send it to the control plane for Analytics dashboards and metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [`vitals`](/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/#vitals) | n/a | Legacy vitals analytics reporting mechanism. Set to `off` for all {{site.base_gateway}} versions >= 3.0. Set to `on` for {{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.x to collect vitals data and send it to the control plane for Analytics dashboards and metrics.
```
